Sean Rosskill Smith laughs challenges
a
and we propose to you and we propose to vary our programs with that type of
broadcast but the usual purposes of this series is to report some of the views
and activities. Now what did you wish to ask me about on this program challenge?
The first item I have listed here is the cold strike which all of us are so happy with
settled just a few hours following your discussion of the subject of the old
band. Now we'll kind of move forward with the present request for authority to
see the minds and the human future trouble. Well Charlie first on me said I was
somewhat embarrassed about the broadcast last week because I was projecting what
might happen in connection with the cold strike. We didn't know what was going to
happen at the time we made the transcription but of course the time the
broadcast was played by in Tennessee. It was released down there the cold strike
had been settled but you asked whether the person is going to go at the
old and ask for authority to seize the minds and the event of future trouble.
No Charlie I was the person to start another message up to Congress in which
he substitutes a request that a commission be set up to make a long-range study
of labor managing of relations in the cold industry which he of course calls
a sick industry. But it can be done calmly and not under the pressure of a
threatened national disaster. I think that is a very wise and reasonable request
and I'm all part. It's a bad thing when we reach the point of having to take
over the minds to get cold. Well next senator I should like to get your
comment on the charges by Senator Joseph McCarty that a communist fire
reign exists in the State Department. Of course there are other
comments in the State Department and I don't know if they if they're
or they should be furied out immediately and suffered from their
connections. I'm extremely doubtful that there is a
as extensive a communist operation in the Department of State as Senator McCarty
sensational of this flow is might lead us to think.
And in a race, Senator McCarty is having the opportunity to present this
phrase to a foreign relation subcommittee. And I believe the Senator
Tadding who has been made chairman and the other members of this committee
are sincere in their assertion that the hearings will be neither a white
wash nor a witch hunt. Personally I'm glad to see the matter
brought to a head and view of the wild charges in the past which could not be
backed up when I showed our team. Before long Senator Tadding
over, the Senate will act on measures passed by the Hosse
representatives making Alaska and Hawaii states.
Do you feel with this? Well I've been thinking about these territories
a long time whether they should be states or not
and I do approve of the action by the House of Representatives
and I hope the Senate takes part to favor the same favorable action.
I think the people above these territories are ready for statehood.
A great deal of further alarm is a matter of fact that some of the western
states were never brought into the unit. Senator it's going to make
business for the flag manufacturers if we up the stars in the field of blue from
40 to 50. These will be the first two states outside the continental
United States. What will be taking on in unit
bench responsibility if Alaska and Hawaii are granted statehood?
Well I don't think so Charlie. They're an territorial
possession and an attack on them as if there's an attack on us.
Just as the attack on four of our rulers is strongly broke and
comes back and close our immediate entry on the World War two.
Would you say that the Senate will join the House in voting statehood?
Very much I would prognostically predict things to come seem to be
other Senate state-wide-of-the-peer persons.
You are going today? I didn't know you were going to.
Which is a great reason. I was worried that the bill was making it magic
at least one militant mission. What are your views on this?
Of course I stay at a mirror of academic question as presented by this bill.
It's all a question of what kind of a man you are going to appoint.
Not whether he has background as a soldier or scientist or an administrator of what
have you. As a general proposition I think the
military and civilian functions of government should be separated.
The framers of the Constitution have this distinction in mind and making
the persons of the United States a commander in chief of the armed forces.
I've never been particularly strong on placing a man in
house a civilian position really because of his good record military.
If I may repeat myself I think the main thing to consider in all appointments
is how well qualified is a man himself to do the job.
I wouldn't turn him down just because he is in the past, made good in the armed
services. I would appoint him solely on a loan on his outstanding record as a soldier.
But in any event, when appointed I think he should be a civilian and not a
military man. Well just as in the side Senator
people were speaking of the Atomic Energy Commission.
I saw where Mr. Lillin thought he recently resigned Chairman
who had had some differences in the Playa's booths,
Senator Schumer, Keller and Hickenlooper.
One delivery here in Washington borrowed book and he was asked for references and gave
these two gentlemen I had mentioned his references and he would bring the
book back and was a good risk for the library.
Yeah I imagine that the people in Washington and Congress have got
in a larger lot better that than most of anything that's happened in a good
while. But I want to say it's good to see that Mr. Lillin
throws trials and tribulations with Congress having closed and
delus is a sense of view. Senator there's a great deal of interest in
HR 6000 which would extend the coverage under the social
security program and you consider how this might affect tennis
teams and grow benefits into the program? Yes I have Charlie.
At the present time the Tennessee average monthly claimants far
old age of survivors insurance which is commonly called social security by
most dollars is $21.99. Under the proposed plan it would be
increased $37.48 a month and Tennessee would still be below the
national average of $44.20. Those receiving old age assistance would be
increased from $27.41 to $71.71 which would still be
under the present national average of $43.66.
Families were dependent children now grow on average of $48
in Tennessee and a new bill would raise their payment for families
with an average of $65. The national average is now some
cheap national average is now some cheap national average is now some cheap
average of $65. The national average is now some cheap national average is now
flying persons under the program in Tennessee would be increased
from an average of $36 to $39. The national average in this classification is now
$45. The national average is now $45. The national average is now $45.
Senator, what is the present situation ladies, ladies,
leave with regard to that bill? The Senate Finance Committee is
here at this considering it. This is a committee of which Senator George of
Georgia is chairman and I think for the past two months they have been
taking testimony and hearing evidence about this bill.
The bill they are working on increases social security payments to retired
workers by about 70%. It would bring more persons
under the program including about 11 million additional self-employed persons.
The domestic worker workers, federal employees and so forth.
Also veterans would be credited for the time spent in the service of the country.
What are some of the arguments advanced for and against this bill?
Well after the present time there was some 60 million persons
games they employed in the United States. Only $35 million are covered
under this social security program. There are some other arguments that they
retirement benefits are still too small to keep the beneficiaries or some of them
off of state relief. Then to retirement programs put into effect
our private industry are far ahead of the government growth.
So there is a tendency for business not to hire older workers
and for workers to stay where they are and not seek better jobs.
The argument is advanced also that the present benefits under the plan are not
great enough to encourage workers to work constantly during their best years to build
our benefits. I know it's the biggest argument against it is that it would add a cost
to about 250 million a year. And then it's argued that some of the provisions
of the bill were unjustly sure and some kind of crimes to imagine that the bill
would be pretty well worked over between masturbating parts of the speed
of the amendment. We expect to take it out.
Would you tell our listeners a little something about the crime investigation
used to pose and which is free? That's just stir all over the country.
Well I didn't know it was a creative, a particular stir. There had been a
something set about it but I think people who were looking for
sensational news about it might be disappointed. I introduced a resolution asking for
$50,000 to allow the judiciary committee of the Senate to investigate
principally interstate gambling and related criminal activities.
There has been so much smoke about the possibility that an organized criminal
reign is facing the public and is attempting to correct some of our local
governments that I decided the matter should be gone into.
And many many states attorney generals and mayors and local officials
requested such an investigation. I know many of our people must have read
of the great power of tribute to some of the alleged big shot gamblers.
Well when my resolution was referred to the judiciary committee
it was assigned that $100 should be required to do the job assigned.
After the committee concluded that we did not go into interstate gambling
and investigation without having to look into other elements of interstate crime also.
Is it your purpose to keep poverty to clean up crime conditions in the
nearest American states? No, not at all. We never would be able to do that
for this far time to do. That's the counter-abessions of the state
county and municipal governments. Our purpose will be to find out what the
situation is to uncover if they exist, organize crime rings which operate across
state lines and with you that they interstate the
commerce media to violate state and local laws as well as laws of the United States.
This will include an investigation of the adequacy of existing federal
stuff and a determination of whether additional or different
federal laws are needed to reduce crime on a nationwide basis.
As I get it, Dan, you prefer a purely legalistic inquiry
rather than a headline seeking disclosure of a fund-to-furned group.
Exactly, Charlotte. If I have anything to do with it,
I want to hold many executive hearings before public hearings are held
at which people's names might not be kicked around and maliciously and without any
foundation in fact. We want to protect individual liberties in every way
possible in this investigation. We want to get the full facts before any
sensational charges are made. The purpose is remedial legislation and not
sensational motorized. The Judiciary Committee is of course very
serious about this matter. It will be a difficult test,
it will require much time and hard work on the part of the committee
and of the staff that might be too lengthy. But I think it's a job that must be
undertaken and there's a great demand that from all over the
United States that Congress go into the public. Senator Hattie, that old
demon clock is getting around to leave 13 in the head.
So until next week at this same period on this station,
the Center for Justice Keith Barber will continue this series of weekly
regular reports. This is Charlotte and he's saying good-bye for now from
your Center for Justice in Washington and returning you to your local